This is your son
Oh, yeah, my son.
Take a tight break from the next shift
It's really your son
Oh oh
He was so nice the other day
Can you touch it for me?
Oh, what am I doing?
Tong Yan Wuji Tong Yan Wuji
But it's really beautiful, and I'm curious when I see it.
What am I saying?
Why is Mommy acting like a hooligan?
My adults are ignorant and have spoken
I'm here to make amends for him.
Apologize to uncle
Stop calling me Daddy
What is this saying?
Daddy, where can I let go?
Then you were hungry a few days ago, Ami.
Let's go back to eat
What a special woman
He doesn't seem to be like everyone else
Finally left
Stay
My toes are embarrassed to carve out a villa